Technology Description:
The two technologies I used that I want to talk about were Navigation Meshes and Sphere Tracing.

What is the support for the tech in Unreal?
A Navigation Mesh is a mesh of polygons that is used for pathfinding. In Unreal, Navigation Meshes are automatically generated using a NavMeshBoundsVolume,
 which will automatically generate a mesh of navigable surfaces within its bounds. The specifics of the mesh that is generated can be changed using settings 
- for example, setting the maximum slope angle or step height. This mesh is then used by actors in order to navigate around the level.

Sphere Tracing is a form of Ray Tracing that involves projecting a sphere along a line, and recording where that sphere collides with other objects. I used
this in order to make my AI jump. Unreal supports a number of different shape traces but I used a MultiSphereTraceByChannel, in order to project a sphere
 along the forward vector of an actor’s motion and record each time it hit an object.

What was the hardest part of the tech to implement?
The hardest part of the Navigation Mesh to implement was to make it understand when a pawn could jump over an obstacle. Initially, the AI would just path 
around it, even when it had the ability to just jump over it. I fixed this by increasing the size of the Max Step Height to 200, about as high as the AI 
could jump. This meant that the navigation would run the pawn straight towards an obstacle, which would then trigger sphere collision, causing the AI to 
jump. It worked great as long as the AI was running, but if the AI was moving too slowly, the navigation would keep running an AI into a wall, as it thought 
it could just step over it, while being unable to jump up.

How is the technology used in existing games
Some newer games can use ray tracing to generate very realistic looking lighting, through technologies such as NVIDIA RTX. This is, however, very intensive 
and not really viable for a lot of computers. Ray tracing, and especially ray marching(which is what sphere tracing is),  is more often used for specific 
tasks, such as with hitscan weapons which perform a ray trace to determine they hit or not. Navigation meshes are very widely used in modern games, as they 
provide a very simple way to allow pathfinding algorithms such as A* to be used with complex environments.

How could this be used in future games?
While researching this I found a company called Kythera AI bragging about their ability to dynamically generate navigation meshes in real time over large 
areas. This could potentially allow for levels to be randomly or unpredictably mutated in real time on a large scale, while still allowing AI to navigate 
them. This could be used to create very intensive RTS games, with an AI that is capable of huge changes in the map very quickly, for example. 

I already mentioned how ray tracing is beginning to be used to render lighting in real time, but that this is too intensive for a lot of computers. 
As computing power increases this may become a lot more viable, and we will probably see it used a lot more. 
